Document F5 and Test Explorer prerequisites (#36117)
dotnet/runtime: docs/workflow/testing/visualstudio.md

# Visual Studio Test Explorer support
For Visual Studio Test Explorer to work in dotnet/runtime, the following test settings need to be enabled: 
- Test parameters (like which `dotnet` host to use) are persisted in an auto-generated .runsettings file which is placed under the test app's output folder. For that to work, make sure that the `Auto detect runsettings Files` (`Options -> Test`) option is enabled.
- Make sure that the `Processor Architecture for AnyCPU project` (`Test Explore pane -> Test Explorer toolbar options --> Settings`) value is set to `auto`.

# Visual Studio F5 Debugging support
dotnet/runtime uses `dotnet test` ([VSTest](https://github.com/Microsoft/vstest)) which spawns child processes during test execution.

> Visual Studio by doesn't automaticaly debug child processes, therefore preliminary steps need to be done to enable Debugging "F5" support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Visual Studio by default doesn't automatically debug child processes, therefore preliminary steps need to be done to enable Debugging "F5" support.
```
